README.md, before:

# Keeping It Casual
## Jaime Riley, Quentin Novinger, Priya Nigam, Ryan McGregor, Aszliah Delicana
## Release v1.0.0

### Project Abstract
We propose a social media application focused on mental health awareness that keeps things much more casual than common sharing platforms. In the current environment, an unhealthy attachment has grown for many when it comes to their self-esteem, with the use of likes, comments, and views aiding many in validation of themselves. With Keeping It Casual (KIC), users are able to create accounts, post content, and follow others without a dependency developing and instead can focus on the simple enjoyment of a profile curated by them, a feed of their friends, and photos/videos posted without fear of judgement. While they are able to tag their friends and family in posts and find friends through an algorithm based on like-users, KIC does not allow for likes, views, and followers to be publicly displayed, and also provides multiple mental health boosting features. These include scheduled postings from mental health counselors on each user’s feed, a location-based service where users can find mental health professionals near them, and also a mood tracker to allow users to monitor their mental health. 

### Release Notes (v1.0.0)
- Implemented a server to store media in Google Cloud Storage and metadata about the media
- Implemented a custom authorization server
- Implemented a User Data Storage server
- Created a baseline for the personal page
- Created a login and signup page and connected them with the backend

### Backend Releases 
- For kic-media: https://github.com/CIS-Projects-in-CS-S21/kic-media/releases/tag/1.0.0
- For kic-users: https://github.com/CIS-Projects-in-CS-S21/kic-users/releases/tag/v1.0.0

### Frontend Release
- For frontend: https://github.com/CIS-Projects-in-CS-S21/kic-frontend/releases/tag/v1.0.0

### Deployment Page
http://keeping-it-casual.com

### Demo Instructions and Guide
Please find the demo instructions and feedback form below:
- https://forms.gle/yCp3aCqtCzsRT2A79

Commit message:

v2 release notes and updated demo instructions
Updated deployment page, demo instructions, and v2 release notes

README.md, after:

# Keeping It Casual
## Jaime Riley, Quentin Novinger, Priya Nigam, Ryan McGregor, Aszliah Delicana
## Release v2.0.0

### Project Abstract
We propose a social media application focused on mental health awareness that keeps things much more casual than common sharing platforms. In the current environment, an unhealthy attachment has grown for many when it comes to their self-esteem, with the use of likes, comments, and views aiding many in validation of themselves. With Keeping It Casual (KIC), users are able to create accounts, post content, and follow others without a dependency developing and instead can focus on the simple enjoyment of a profile curated by them, a feed of their friends, and photos/videos posted without fear of judgement. While they are able to tag their friends and family in posts and find friends through an algorithm based on like-users, KIC does not allow for likes, views, and followers to be publicly displayed, and also provides multiple mental health boosting features. These include scheduled postings from mental health counselors on each user’s feed, a location-based service where users can find mental health professionals near them, and also a mood tracker to allow users to monitor their mental health. 

### Release Notes (v2.0.0)
- Implemented a backend service to store current and awaiting friends, and retrieve recommendations for new potential friends
- Fixed some issues with the User and Authentication services not properly returning errors and success messages
- Incorporated session management for users to seamlessly propagate to different application pages
- Created baseline pages for user feed and friends
- Integrated personal page, allowing for a user’s username and bio to be shown during a logged in session 
- Updated styling of all pages to be uniform throughout app

### Backend Releases 
- For kic-friends: https://github.com/CIS-Projects-in-CS-S21/kic-friends/releases/tag/v1.0.0
- For kic-media: https://github.com/CIS-Projects-in-CS-S21/kic-media/releases/tag/v2.0.0
- For kic-users: https://github.com/CIS-Projects-in-CS-S21/kic-users/releases/tag/v2.0.0

### Frontend Release
- For frontend: https://github.com/CIS-Projects-in-CS-S21/kic-frontend/releases/tag/v2.0.0

### Deployment Page
https://keeping-it-casual.com

### Demo Instructions and Guide
Please find the demo instructions and feedback form below:
- https://forms.gle/SXuAMYvQRbiV7ytcA
